+++
title = "Application email"
date = 2025-01-04T00:13:00Z
author = "Jason Knight"

+++

Here is the email I first sent Cath to indicate interest on the trip. An "application" if you will, even though the Wynn's never described it as an opplication process. I just assumed there would be a lot of interest. 

# Subject: Interest in Feb '26 Cruise/Sail/Kayak expedition

> Hi Cath,
> 
> Nice to e-meet you. I just heard about your upcoming February 2026 expedition with (and from) the Wynns. Too exciting!
> 
> ** I'd like to reserve one of the slots for that expedition if there is still availability.**
> 
> A little about myself: I'm a dad of three girls currently living in Seattle. I love life and meeting people of all kinds. Most of my adventures so far in life have been the mental kind, whether through technology or mindfulness meditation. Last year I sold my tech startup, and since then I've been trying to spend more of my energy in exploring the world, the people in it, history, culture, and nature.
> 
> I've chartered two catamarans in the Pacific Northwest and the BVI's (one with me being the captain one hiring a captain), so I am no stranger around a sailboat. I'm easy going, take constructive feedback well, and have been described by a good friend as "pathologically happy" :). I'm also quite physically fit, having just completed my second 12 hour adventure race (hiking, biking, and canoeing all driven by pure compass and map navigation) for example. 
>
> Let me know if I can answer any further questions for you during your selection process for the expedition. Here are links to my LinkedIn profile and blog (if either is helpful).
> 
> The only question I have for you at the moment (besides if I was too late in sending the email to reserve a spot) is: do you have a typical packing list that I could take a look at?
> 
> Best,
> Jason
