+++
title = "sauna"
draft = true
date = 2026-03-11
description = ""
tags = [ "thoughts"]

+++

Text

* Went over to Wordie house
  * recreation after the original was washed away in a tsunami
  * Cozy, with reading
  * Asbestos fire mask/hoses
  * On the dingy ride back, 30-40 knot winds with sleet drenched us, learned my pants were not water proof

* Sauna time: 4pm at the Ukranian research base
  * Not sure what to bring... wore swimsuit, brought a towel
  * First order of business: get to the sauna
  * They told us to take the dingy over
  * But we said we'd walk
  * Turns out the walk was through 75 meters of penguins... their poop, and skeletons
  * Slippery too
  * Finally made it to the tiny little sauna all by itself on the top of some rock outcropping.
  * As we get there, we see two leopard seals actively eating penguins off the beach
  * Go inside: none of the switches seem to do anything, even with Sacha nee Alex reading the labels for us.
  * But the sauna seems warm, so we go in. It's pitch black inside. Not even wave your hand in your face.
  * Sound of the wind howling outside.
  * Again surreal: to be in Antaractica, with new friends, at a Ukranian research base, in a pitch black sauna, surrounded by penguins on the run.
  * Then we do two polar plunges (down some sketchy stairs, belaying by a rope the rest of the way into the same water the seals were hunting in)
  * Then we go back through Penguin poop and skulls into the Ukranian base where they inform us that our Dingy was parked incorrectly and was taking on water that was draining from their base.
  * And not just any water, but the effluent from their waste water processing facility. (Good thing they saw this happening, and saved our dingy from sinking entirely)
  * So we bale that out and go back to the ship.
  * Then make Georgian dumplings as a crew (Hatki?) and play Hearts
